sync-diff-inspector: clarify data type support and improve collation guidance (#22165)
pingcap/docs: sync-diff-inspector/sync-diff-inspector-overview.md

* Online check is not supported for data migration between MySQL and TiDB. Ensure that no data is written into the upstream-downstream checklist, and that data in a certain range is not changed. You can check data in this range by setting `range`.

* Data type support notes:

    * **FLOAT/DOUBLE**: Floating-point types are implemented differently in TiDB and MySQL. `FLOAT` and `DOUBLE` respectively take 6 and 15 significant digits for calculating checksum. If you do not want to use this feature, set `ignore-columns` to skip checking these columns.
    * **JSON**: Supported for comparison. Be aware that collation and character set differences for JSON string values between upstream and downstream can lead to false positives.
    * **BLOB/VARBINARY**: Supported as binary data and compared byte-for-byte.

>     * **BIT**: Supported for MySQL→TiDB comparisons (validated with BIT(1/8/16/64)). If your schema uses unusual BIT encodings or application-level transformations, consider a small targeted validation.

Author: ```suggestion
    * **BIT**: Supported for MySQL to TiDB comparisons. Validated for widths 1, 8, 16, and 64. If your schema uses non-standard widths or application-level transformations, perform a targeted validation test.
```

- If you configure `collation` in the sync-diff-inspector configuration file and explicitly use the same collation for both upstream and downstream during chunk-based comparison, note that the order of index fields depends on the table's collation configuration. If the collations differ, one side might be unable to use the index. Additionally, if the character sets differ between upstream and downstream (for example, MySQL uses `utf8` while TiDB uses `utf8mb4`), it is not possible to unify the collation configuration.

> - The following scenarios can produce false differences even when data is logically identical: (1) VARCHAR and TEXT columns with different collations between upstream and downstream (for example, `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` vs `utf8mb4_bin`) will report differences for identical string values; (2) JSON columns containing string values are subject to the same collation-based comparison issues; (3) Auto-populated TIMESTAMP columns (such as `DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` or `ON UPDATE CURRENT_TIMESTAMP`) can introduce noise when schemas are loaded at different times or when comparing data with slight timing variations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following scenarios can produce false differences even when data is logically identical:
    - VARCHAR and TEXT columns with different collations between upstream and downstream (for example, `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` vs `utf8mb4_bin`) will report differences for identical string values;
    - JSON columns containing string values are subject to the same collation-based comparison issues;
    - Auto-populated TIMESTAMP columns (such as `DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` or `ON UPDATE CURRENT_TIMESTAMP`) can introduce noise when schemas are loaded at different times or when comparing data with slight timing variations.
```
